well just making a quick video here
making some cheese quesadillas friend of
mine show me how to do this and they
actually turned out pretty good so using
the George Foreman grill to make
quesadillas and it got a quesadilla
ready to go right there light down on
the Forman grill so I'm going to throw
it on there go ahead and get it on there
that's it it's just got cheese in it and
sauce and just like regular tacos off so
I'm just going to head and close it down
in about five minutes
can be ready to go I'm going to flip it
one time and show you what it looks like
when we're all done I'm still I'm still
the process here making the cheese and
cheese quesadilla that you can hear it's
starting to brown up pretty good
going to open the lid up here and take a
look and see what it looks like oh yeah
see that's what I'm talking about
get all the cheese go in there so I'm
gonna go ahead and give it a flip and
let it cook on the other side for just a
few minutes I'm sure I flipped it and so
it took one like is its cooking on the
other side so just going to go ahead and
close the lid back down and wrap this up
and show you what looks like finished
product alright so that's it it's ready
to go
kind of got a you can hear that or not
that kind of a solid shell on the
outside this is really is the best way
to cook quesadillas I've never seen a
better way to be honest with you and
this really turns out quite well so just
one share that these are extremely
delicious and I will be eating this
shortly
you